## 2022/09/28 Steering Committee meeting

**Chair:** Emilio Mayorga  **Scribe:** Alex Kerney

**Attendees:** Emilio Mayorga, Alex Kerney, Paige Martin, Sophie Clayton, Derya Gumustel, Thomas Moore, Wu-Jung Lee, Joseph Gum

**Decisions:**

- Charter
  - Continued to polish the OHW Charter text. Intent is to release it shortly.
  - Charter will be revised annually.
  - The SC will oversee the formation of the OHW organizing committee for the annual OHW event.
- Procedure for chairing Steering Committee (SC) meetings was clarified, including pre- and post-meeting tasks for the rotating chair and scribe.
- SC meeting notes
  - A public summary of decisions made at the meeting will be released approximately a week after the meeting, after review by other SC members. The summary notes will be placed in a new GitHub repository specifically for this purpose.
  - Once approved for release, the public summary will be added as a file under https://github.com/oceanhackweek/SC_meetings/tree/main/meeting_notes and a link to it will be added to https://github.com/oceanhackweek/SC_meetings/blob/main/README.md
- SC meeting frequency and times
  - Meetings will now take place bi-weekly
  - New, alternating times to accommodate people in very different time zones. Next meeting is October 12th, Wed 8-9am PT time, following meeting will be Wednesday the 26th at 3-4 PT
- There was agreement to pursue an NSF CyberTraining proposal to advance OHW, due in January. Discussions are ongoing. The merits of other funding opportunities currently available are less clear for OHW at this time.
